docs: add Cloudflare Workers guide and improve documentation (#271)
web-fragments/web-fragments: docs/src/pages/documentation/getting-started.md

For the gateway to make these routing decisions, you need to tell it about your fragments:

```js
import { FragmentGateway } from "web-fragments/gateway";

// Initialize the gateway
const myGateway = new FragmentGateway();

// Register our fragment
myGateway.registerFragment({
	// A unique ID matching the fragment-id attribute in your HTML
	fragmentId: "party-button",
	// The endpoint where your fragment is hosted
	// This can be an HTTP URL, or a Service Binding on Cloudflare
	endpoint: "https://party-button.demos.web-fragments.dev",

	// Route patterns tell the gateway which URLs belong to this fragment
	routePatterns: [
		// Assets pattern: uniquely identifies this fragment's static files
		// The :_* is a wildcard that matches everything after this point
		"/__wf/party-button.demos.web-fragments.dev/:_*",

		// Application pattern: where in your app this fragment appears
		// Adjust this to match where you placed the <web-fragment> element
		"/",
	],

	// Optional: CSS classes for positioning during server-side piercing
	piercingClassNames: [],
});
```

Let's break down the `routePatterns`:

> - The **asset pattern** (`/__wf/.../:_*`) captures requests for the fragment's JavaScript, CSS, images, etc.

Reviewer: it feels like this is the third time you explain the same. can you please dedupe?

- The **application pattern** (`/`) captures navigation to pages where the fragment should render
- The `:_*` wildcard means "match this path and everything after it"

If you placed your `<web-fragment>` on a `/dashboard` page instead of the root, you'd use `"/dashboard/:_*"` as the application pattern.

### e. Install the fragment gateway as middleware

The final configuration step is to install the gateway as middleware in your application. This middleware intercepts all requests and makes the routing decisions mentioned above.

The installation looks different depending on your deployment platform. Web Fragments provides adapters for both modern Web (Fetch API) platforms and traditional Node.js servers.

#### For Modern Edge Platforms (Cloudflare, Deno, Bun)

If you're deploying to Cloudflare Workers, Deno Deploy, or similar platforms that use the standard [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API):

```js
import { getWebMiddleware } from "web-fragments/gateway";

const middleware = getWebMiddleware(myGateway, {

> 	mode: "production", // Use 'development' for verbose logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mode: import.meta.env.development ? "development" : "production",
```

});

// Example: Edge middleware platforms (with origin backend)
export default {
	async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
		return middleware(request, () => fetch(request));
	},
};
```

The middleware takes a **fallback function** that handles requests not matching any fragment routes. 

> In this example, `fetch(request)` forwards the request to your origin server or backend - this works on platforms like **Cloudflare Pages, Netlify Edge, and Vercel Edge** where the middleware runs in front of an existing application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `fetch(request)` forwards the request to your origin server or backend - this works on platforms like **Cloudflare Workers, Netlify Edge, and Vercel Edge** where the middleware runs in front of an existing (host) application.
```
